Pull Requests
=============

Pull Request is great tool to review and discuss about solutions and implementations.

## Receiving reviews

As everyone will be able to review your changes, discussions will be raised, code samples will be shown, experiences will be shared. Everything is part of the review process.

When being reviewed, please consider the following:

* Create a well explained description. When writing, try to describe the changes to a person who is not in the context of the problem
* Answer to questions and comments that will come
* Don’t take it personally. Nobody is doing it in order to make you feel bad or let you uncomfortable among other developers
* Always be humble. Learn from your mistakes and try to create notes of your common mistakes if realize that you're commiting it more than once or twice
* Make sure you fully understand the other alternatives before choosing one of them or keeping the solution you’ve provided. If you did not fully understand why somebody asked you to change something, ask for explanations and/or examples.
* Avoid interrupting your co-worker to ask for reviews if you already send it in your Slack's `#git` channel.

## Reviewing Pull Requests

* Look out for code smells (From the Wikipedia definition: [code smells] indicate weaknesses in design that may be slowing down development or increasing the risk of bugs or failures in the future.) in the code that should be removed to avoid future problems with the code.
* Share, whenever possible, different solutions for a given problem through pointing code examples. The examples can come from another project or written by you just for illustration purposes.
* Don’t be afraid of asking for documentation when necessary. Many times the discussions generated by a Pull Request should be added to the project in the form of documentation, even things related to specific parts of the code or the development workflow of the project. We should not let important decisions to exist only in the form of Pull Request comments, since other developers might have a hard time searching through old Pull Requests to find the reasons behind an existing implementation or design.
* If the Pull Request goals and motivations aren’t clear for you, ask the Pull Request author for a better description and explanations. Remember that Pull Requests aren’t only about adding code but adding business knowledge too.
* Although the commits in a Pull Request are merged together they should be meaningful on their own. Comment about better commit messages and point to relevant documentation when necessary
* Appreciate the quality of the work of your team
* Try to take the most of out the GitHub UI and the GitHub Flavored Markdown when reviewing code: for highlighting snippets, doing references between commits and other issues and calling other developers to join you in the review. Just avoid commenting on commits directly instead of the Pull Request diff, since it pollutes the Pull Request page and such comments won’t be collapsed when the related lines gets changed and/or fixed by a new commit.

### Source

Most of explanation comes from [Plataformatec Guidelines](http://guidelines.plataformatec.com.br/pull-requests.html).
